Now as part of this course you'll have access to a binary decimal and hexadecimal converter that we've
created to make this very easy.
So a decimal IP address of 255 255 255 255 converts to binary numbers consisting of four groups of eight
binary ones and eight hexadecimal F's as discussed.
Now an inverse mosque is also shown here.
So if you inverse the number 255 in decimal equates to zero in decimal inverse binary is a zero inverse
hexadecimal is a zero.
Let's do an example of 240 1 to 3 and convert that he has your binary number.
Is your hexadecimal number.
He has the inverse.
So the inverse is based on the binary.
Notice these four binary values are a 1.
So inverted that equal to 4 binary 0 is the last of four binary numbers are set to 0.
The inverse is setting that two ones and that works out as if in hexadecimal or 15.
In decimal the same for decimal 1 equals this in binary.
Equals this in hexadecimal.
If you look at the binary and you invert the zeros to a 1 and the 1 2 0 0 you you're going to end up
with this number and if you convert that to decimal you get to 5 4 or hexadecimal.
If e and so forth and so one the calculator also allows you to take a sort of binary number and then
convert it to decimal hexadecimal and the inverse values as well as taking hexadecimal values and converting
that to decimal and binary.